Wonderful Immortal, you are deceiving too much
You're not good enough to blame me
It's ridiculous
Don't entangle your master with this person
It is impossible for a disciple to accept the challenge
This book is grey and profound
I followed the March entry
Not to mention that your inner strength has not fully recovered
He only counted seven.
You can't even finish the first page
It's such a time, you still have to pretend
Do you think you write poetry in seven steps?
If you dare not challenge
That Excalibur belongs to me and the original faction
I accept your composition
But I have to change the rules.
How to change within 7 numbers
I not only have to finish this book
I still want to break your law and run, hahahaha.
Little brother is so annoying
So arrogant
It really makes my sister more rare
This effect
The air outlet is so angry, I'm afraid it won't end well for a while
If I lose, where will my Tianyuan's faces go?
Okay, then my sister will say 7 numbers.
If you can't crack it within 7 numbers
Then you and the Excalibur belong to me, hum
Xiaoyufeng, you are still from Miao County
Hurry up and go back to Heyuan Pie with him
What are you talking about?
Okay, so I'm starting to count. Look at you.